1. For this requirement:

    Includes meaningful use of either an app (for example, email, voice recognition,
     ..) or hardware (gps, accelerometer, ..) from the phone or some Google services(
     maps, ..).

We need to either access an android app or some hardware,
my two ideas are either a voice input so users can
narrate their question/options, or make it so it will go to
the next post if the user shakes the device (accelerometer)

2.
For this requirement:

At least 3 views; at least 2 views should "use" the same data (either sharing or
   passing the data).

I think passing the username from sign-in to home and post should be sufficient

3. For this requirement:
    There should be local, persistent meaningful data (for example you can enable
    the user to set style preferences such as colors, ..); there must be at least 2
    persistent variables.

We could store the user's username and password as local data and then use
it to sign in automatically when they open the app.

4.For this requirement:
    Uses at least two new GUI components not studied in class (rating bar, seek bar,
    progress bar, analog clock, calendar view, ...).
    • There should be a listener registered on at least one of these 2 new GUI
    components (and there should be code to do something meaningful)

I'm not sure tbh! Ideas?

5. For this requirement:
    Includes advertising (fake ad pulled from Google services).

We could have interstitial ads served instead of posts every ten posts or something


6. Finally, my current general scope for the project is this:
users can sign up and sign in, each has a username and password
users can post new questions. others will see the username of who posted it
users can answer questions and see how their response compares

If we want, we could add another view where users can see
a list of all the posts they have made and how many people have
responded and how they responded. or any other additions we want.
but probably the above is enough to get full credit.